c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.exe.config
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.exe
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.pdb
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.g.resources
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.exe
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.pdb
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\GridUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\GridUC.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductUC.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordHistoryUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductHistoryUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordHistoryUC.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductHistoryUC.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingDataUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingUC.g.cs
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingDataUC.baml
c:\users\josh1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.exe.config
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.exe
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\ProductTracker.pdb
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\GridUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordHistoryUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingDataUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductHistoryUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductUC.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\GridUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordHistoryUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingDataUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\KeywordMappingUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductHistoryUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\View\ProductUC.baml
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.g.resources
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.exe
C:\Users\Josh\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProductTracker\ProductTracker\obj\Debug\ProductTracker.pdb
